README.md, before:


# Beep Boop

#### The week 3 independent project at Epicodus 06-14-2019

#### Author: Tamara Trefilova


## Description:

#### Create a web application that takes a number from a user and returns a range of numbers from 0 to the user inputted number with the following exceptions:

#### Numbers that contain a 1: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Beep!"
#### Numbers that contain a 2: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Boop!"
#### Numbers that contain a 3: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't #### do that."
#### These exceptions are written from least to most important. The first exception should apply unless the #### second exception does, and the same with the second and third. So, for example, in the finished program,

#### The number 13 should be replaced with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."
#### The number 21 should be replaced with "Boop".
#### The number 32 should be replaced with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."
#### A user should be able to enter a new number and see new results over and over again.
## Beep Boop Specs:

| Behaviors       | Input           | Output      |
| ------------- |:-----------------:| -----------:|
| * The program returns a range of numbers from 0 to the users inputted number   | 4    | "0, 1, 2, 3, 4"    |
| * Numbers that contain a 1: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Beep!"    | 1     | "0", "Beep!"    |
| * Numbers that contain a 2: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Boop!"     | 2  | "0", "Beep!", "Boop"   |
| * Numbers that contain a 3: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."     | 3   | "0", "Beep!", "Boop", "I'm Sorry..."      |
| * These exceptions are written from least to most important. The first exception should apply unless the second exception does, and the same with the second and third.     | 13    | "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."      |
| * These exceptions are written from least to most important. The first exception should apply unless the second exception does, and the same with the second and third.    | 21   | "Boop"      |
| * These exceptions are written from least to most important. The first exception should apply unless the second exception does, and the same with the second and third.    | 31       |"I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that." |


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Access to internet
* Computer
* Link to GitHub


_This is are no extra requirements_

## Known Bugs

There are no issues.

## Support and contact details

tamara.trefilova@gmail.com
## GitHub pages :

## Technologies Used

HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery and some fantasy

### License

*GPI*

Copyright (c) 2019 **Tamara Trefilova**

Commit message:

added new function split into digits

README.md, after:


# Beep Boop

#### The week 3 independent project at Epicodus 06-14-2019

#### Author: Tamara Trefilova


## Description:

#### Create a web application that takes a number from a user and returns a range of numbers from 0 to the user inputted number with the following exceptions:

#### Numbers that contain a 1: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Beep!"
#### Numbers that contain a 2: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Boop!"
#### Numbers that contain a 3: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't #### do that."
#### These exceptions are written from least to most important. The first exception should apply unless the #### second exception does, and the same with the second and third. So, for example, in the finished program,

#### The number 13 should be replaced with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."
#### The number 21 should be replaced with "Boop".
#### The number 32 should be replaced with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."
#### A user should be able to enter a new number and see new results over and over again.
## Beep Boop Specs:

| Behaviors       | Input           | Output      |
| ------------- |:-----------------:| -----------:|
| * The program returns a range of numbers from 0 to the users inputted number   | 4    | "0, 1, 2, 3, 4"    |
| * Numbers that contain a 1: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Beep!"    | 1     | "0", "Beep!"    |
| * Numbers that contain a 2: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "Boop!"     | 2  | "0", "Beep!", "Boop"   |
| * Numbers that contain a 3: all digits are replaced (all digits) with "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."     | 3   | "0", "Beep!", "Boop", "I'm Sorry..."      |
| * These exceptions are written from least to most important. The first exception should apply unless the second exception does, and the same with the second and third.     | 13    | "I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that."      |
| * These exceptions are written from least to most important. The first exception should apply unless the second exception does, and the same with the second and third.    | 21   | "Boop"      |
| * These exceptions are written from least to most important. The first exception should apply unless the second exception does, and the same with the second and third.    | 31       |"I'm sorry, Dave. I'm afraid I can't do that." |
 | * If any of digits of the number are equal to 1,2,3, print the naumber as it is    | 40       |40 |


## Setup/Installation Requirements

* Access to internet
* Computer
* Link to GitHub


_This is are no extra requirements_

## Known Bugs

There are no issues.

## Support and contact details

tamara.trefilova@gmail.com
## GitHub pages :

## Technologies Used

HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, jQuery and some fantasy

### License

*GPI*

Copyright (c) 2019 **Tamara Trefilova**
